the project is bsed on my strong love of watching hurling, which is allegedly the fastest field game in the world with defence turned into attach on the puck of a ball, or vica versa.

I loved the hurling photos which I put into a gallery, full of action, skill, and endeavour. I also included an opportunity for the viewer to have hs opinion on who is/was the greatest hurler of all time, or at least the best in most people's memory.

The project is founded on the basics techniques of HTML ans CSS. I have included tables, photos, forms, etc. In the tables, I have provided factual information that a viewer might consider in deciding who is his choice of best ever hurler, or he/she can totally ignore this information. I did find it difficult to recall the syntax for the multitude of consrtucts used in html and Css, and even then, I often encountered difficulties with typing errors which are difficult to identify and correct.

I have learned lods from this project.

In further development, I could adopt a rating based on the viewers age and also allow for any bias that might exist in favour of one's own county. Someone who is 50 years old will have sseen alot more hurlers plying than a 20 yer old person. It is cknowledged that the best hurlr might not necessarily win any major honours because his team are not the best and they have to plough a lonely furrow. As a youth, I would have heard of the great skills of Christy Ring but never saw him in action. Personally, I was a great admirer of Joe Canning, but on balance I wouldn't argue with the selection of (King) Henry Shefflin. hve lso provided 